0. Copyright & License
1. About
2. Usage
   =====
   2.0 Prerequisites
       -------------
       Python is required for ingestion of files from disk.  Some converters
       may also require Python.

   2.1 Definitions
       -----------
       The "ingestor" is the program responsible for shepherding data from a
       raw format to a normalized format.
       A "converter" is a program which actually reads and parses raw data
       and generates a normalized format version of that data.

   2.2 Inbound data interface
   2.3 Converting data to normalized format
       ------------------------------------
       From the repository root, execute ingest.py.  On a linux or unix machine
       you might type "./ingest.py" or "python ingest.py".

       Until the ingest.py process is killed, the directory "hopper" under the
       repository root will be monitored for new files, which we will then
       attempt to convert and place the resulting normalized format data files
       in the "products" directory.

   2.4 Writing converters for use with the ingestor
       --------------------------------------------
       Converters must live within the "converters" directory of the repository
       root.  Converters should be executable.  The machine which is performing
       the conversion should have all the libraries and binaries required to
       do so.  Meeting these prerequisites is the responsibility of the
       operator.

       Converters must accept an argument which is the path to the input file.
       Converters must also accept an optional flag, "--test", which will be
       passed in conjunction with the input file if a simple decision is needed
       instead of conversion.  Regardless of the input parameters, converters
       should return 0 upon success (successful conversion if filename passed,
       anticipated successful conversion if filename and --test passed), or a
       positive value upon failure.

       Converters should write the result of their conversion to the standard
       output stream.  The ingestor is responsible for generating an output
       file from the standard output stream.

       Converters may use the standard error stream to report issues.  Issues
       which result in a failure to generate output, or the generation of bad
       output, should be accompanied by a positive return value.
